# Documentation for themistor/SIPM heat dissipation studies

## Purpose:
- Analysis of data collected via thermistors of the heating gradient of the SIPM module. Heat was generated by running 1.04 W of power through each side of the SIPM module in order to model the predicted dark current production within the detector itself.
- Some of these files are left over from previous studies, but thermistor_temp_plots is relevant to the current setup.

## Description of included files:

**steady_state.py**
- Uses thermistor data from csv files to calculate their steady state temperatures, their standard deviation of these, the error as calculated from the calibration parameters.
-Takes csv file name and number of thermistors as command line input. If end of valid data beyond end of recorded data, add this end time into your commmand line arguments.  If believes valid data ends before it should, add a start time to your command line arguments.
Use for: Calculating steady state temperature, compare these between runs.

**thermistors_time.py**
- Uses variables to convert th data in csv files to arrays
- Fills array one by one, not in loop good for when the thermistors are not neccesarily in a continues order
Use for: plotting the thermistors versus the time. Can also plot the gradient across the plate.


**thermistors_timeerr.py**
- Stores data in csv files into dictionaries, this lend for a very clean code
- This only works for when you know the labels of the thermistors are correct and correpond to the column
they are placed into. This is because the code runs a loop to fill the dictionary
Use for: plotting thermistors versus time with errors


**compare.py**
- Imports two different thermistors_time.py scripts and plots comparisons of them
USe for: comparing the curves for with ceramics against those without

**thermistor_temp_plots**
- Accepts raw csv datasets from the raspberry pi and converts the ADC values into temperature plots
- Contains a basic normalization function and running average function
Use for: plotting thermistor temperature readings versus time

